README.md, before:

# Jonathan's Readme

## Motivation for this document

This is my README, it has is a document to talk about how I like to work and help you understand me a little better. The intended audience is primarily anyone who works with me day to day me, though anyone is free to read it or even provide feedback on it! Please treat it as a reference and promise on how I will conduct myself as a engineer, and what I expect from you.

I urge you to hold me accountable to my promises, and to call out anything that might be missing from this document. Without your guidance, I will not be able to improve as a engineer.

This is a living document and will be kept on GitHub so there is a history of how I have evolved as a engineer.

## About me

I joined Spendesk in January 2023 as a Staff Engineer working within the Growth and Expansion group. Prior to my time at Spendesk I have worked at severval different tech startups across a variety of different roles ranging from Engineering Manager, Tech Lead and 'Acting' Principal Engineer, this breadth of roles means I have a breadth of experience that I can bring to the table.

Outside of work I have a Black Belt in Karate, write lots of little side projects, I blog on Medium and of course I couldn't write this without talking about my love for Disney and play video games.

## My role as a Staff Engineer

TL;DR: I am here to make sure our engineering team is successful, happy, and working on the things that are most important to help our customers, improve our product, and improve our business. More granularly:

1. I am here to make sure you are both successful and happy: I want you to improve your technical skills, grow your career, enjoy your work, and believe in both our team's and our company's mission.
1. I am here to make sure our team is successful and pointed in the right direction. 
1. I'm also here to help make sure we are working on the right things, which is not necessarily everything we're asked to do.
1. I write some code too!
1. I also occasionally cause an incident 🤦‍♂️ (Only 1 so far at Spendesk though)

These are in approximate order of importance. If you are not successful and happy, our team is not successful (or happy). If our engineering team is struggling, writing code will most likely not be my top priority.

Additionally: My job is not to tell you exactly what to do and how to do it. It is also not to be the "official decision maker" for our team.

I might have thoughts on your code, and I expect you to have thoughts on mine. In the end, you own your code and if you have a good reason for doing something, you should do it; "use good judgment" is a key part of the Spendesk culture, and it applies to code as much as everything else.

## Feedback

I welcome all feedback as I find it is really important to help me grow as an engineer. It could be something you liked and would like to see more of, something you thought I could do better, something you thought I totally screwed up, or something that doesn't fit in any of these categories. Even if you think it might not be the case, I do want to hear it. And if you think I don't want to hear it, I'd love feedback on why you feel that way.

My preference is to receive feedback person however if you're only comfortable kicking off a discussion with an email or a Slack message, I would rather you do that than not bring it up at all.

If you're not comfortable giving me this feedback yourself, I'd love for you to give it to someone above me in the management chain so they can anonymously relay it to me and I can work on it.

In return, I promise to give you feedback in a timely manner. If it’s not clear, and you have a nagging feeling, let me know so I can fix it! It’s not intentional. I’ll also reply promptly to you, or let you know when you can expect a reply, if you reach out.

Your one to one is a safe space where we can talk confidentially about anything you want to share. I might take notes but these never leave my computer and are not shared with others without your express permission.

## Things you should know

1.	Neurodivergence:

    I am neurodivergent, which means I have unique challenges and strengths. One area I struggle with is communication, particularly written communication. If I find myself having difficulty explaining something, I may suggest jumping on a call to better convey my thoughts. In this I ask you are patient with me and assume best intent.

2.	Bias Awareness:

	Like everyone, I have biases. I strive to keep them in check and consider different perspectives. If you feel I am being biased about a particular topic, please feel free to point it out and share your perspective. I am open to learning and growing.

3.	Partial Deafness:

	I am partially deaf, which sometimes causes me to speak loudly. This can occasionally be mistaken for shouting, especially when I am passionate about something. I appreciate a quiet heads-up if my volume is off, as public corrections can make me uncomfortable.

4.	Requests for Time:
	
    When you ask, “Do you have 5 minutes?” on Slack or via email, please include the topic you’d like to discuss. This helps me manage my anxiety and prevents unnecessary worry about the nature of the conversation.

## Credits

I based this document off of many great managers own readme's including
* Molly White 
* https://managerreadme.com/
* My own manager readme from when I was a manager https://www.github.com/jonathan-fielding/manager-readme

Commit message:

feat: add one to ones back

README.md, after:

# Jonathan's Readme

## Motivation for this document

This is my README, it has is a document to talk about how I like to work and help you understand me a little better. The intended audience is primarily anyone who works with me day to day me, though anyone is free to read it or even provide feedback on it! Please treat it as a reference and promise on how I will conduct myself as a engineer, and what I expect from you.

I urge you to hold me accountable to my promises, and to call out anything that might be missing from this document. Without your guidance, I will not be able to improve as a engineer.

This is a living document and will be kept on GitHub so there is a history of how I have evolved as a engineer.

## About me

I joined Spendesk in January 2023 as a Staff Engineer working within the Growth and Expansion group. Prior to my time at Spendesk I have worked at severval different tech startups across a variety of different roles ranging from Engineering Manager, Tech Lead and 'Acting' Principal Engineer, this breadth of roles means I have a breadth of experience that I can bring to the table.

Outside of work I have a Black Belt in Karate, write lots of little side projects, I blog on Medium and of course I couldn't write this without talking about my love for Disney and play video games.

## My role as a Staff Engineer

TL;DR: I am here to make sure our engineering team is successful, happy, and working on the things that are most important to help our customers, improve our product, and improve our business. More granularly:

1. I am here to make sure you are both successful and happy: I want you to improve your technical skills, grow your career, enjoy your work, and believe in both our team's and our company's mission.
1. I am here to make sure our team is successful and pointed in the right direction. 
1. I'm also here to help make sure we are working on the right things, which is not necessarily everything we're asked to do.
1. I write some code too!
1. I also occasionally cause an incident 🤦‍♂️ (Only 1 so far at Spendesk though)

These are in approximate order of importance. If you are not successful and happy, our team is not successful (or happy). If our engineering team is struggling, writing code will most likely not be my top priority.

Additionally: My job is not to tell you exactly what to do and how to do it. It is also not to be the "official decision maker" for our team.

I might have thoughts on your code, and I expect you to have thoughts on mine. In the end, you own your code and if you have a good reason for doing something, you should do it; "use good judgment" is a key part of the Spendesk culture, and it applies to code as much as everything else.

## Feedback

I welcome all feedback as I find it is really important to help me grow as an engineer. It could be something you liked and would like to see more of, something you thought I could do better, something you thought I totally screwed up, or something that doesn't fit in any of these categories. Even if you think it might not be the case, I do want to hear it. And if you think I don't want to hear it, I'd love feedback on why you feel that way.

My preference is to receive feedback person however if you're only comfortable kicking off a discussion with an email or a Slack message, I would rather you do that than not bring it up at all.

If you're not comfortable giving me this feedback yourself, I'd love for you to give it to someone above me in the management chain so they can anonymously relay it to me and I can work on it.

In return, I promise to give you feedback in a timely manner. If it’s not clear, and you have a nagging feeling, let me know so I can fix it! It’s not intentional. I’ll also reply promptly to you, or let you know when you can expect a reply, if you reach out.

## One to Ones

While I am not your manager, we might choose to have regular one to ones if there is an area you want my help with. 

I treat a one to one with me as safe space where we can talk confidentially about anything you want to share. I might take notes but these never leave my computer and are not shared with others without your express permission.

## Things you should know

1.	Neurodivergence:

    I am neurodivergent, which means I have unique challenges and strengths. One area I struggle with is communication, particularly written communication. If I find myself having difficulty explaining something, I may suggest jumping on a call to better convey my thoughts. In this I ask you are patient with me and assume best intent.

2.	Bias Awareness:

	Like everyone, I have biases. I strive to keep them in check and consider different perspectives. If you feel I am being biased about a particular topic, please feel free to point it out and share your perspective. I am open to learning and growing.

3.	Partial Deafness:

	I am partially deaf, which sometimes causes me to speak loudly. This can occasionally be mistaken for shouting, especially when I am passionate about something. I appreciate a quiet heads-up if my volume is off, as public corrections can make me uncomfortable.

4.	Requests for Time:
	
    When you ask, “Do you have 5 minutes?” on Slack or via email, please include the topic you’d like to discuss. This helps me manage my anxiety and prevents unnecessary worry about the nature of the conversation.

## Credits

I based this document off of many great managers own readme's including
* Molly White 
* https://managerreadme.com/
* My own manager readme from when I was a manager https://www.github.com/jonathan-fielding/manager-readme
